Hello there.
This is the De La Rue.
And welcome back.
Let's now go ahead and import the code that we wrote as part of our demos into our eclipse environment,
into the workspace.
It's going to be a very simple process.
So the first thing is let's go ahead and create a Java project here.
Let's call it a demo.
Just make sure that you have your latest version here and you can leave everything as this say next.
And here make sure that you are selecting the module info java say finish so the project is created.
Let's also ensure that the compiler compliance is the latest one.
So here we are.
We went into window preferences, Java, Java and within Java we have compiler.
Let's just select the latest one.
In my case, it's 14.
Yes.
Apply and close.
So that's it.
Now here.
Let's go into our explorer.
So we have Java in depth here.
So this is where we wrote our code go into Z.
Com semantic square basics.
First thing I want you to do is just delete all of these class files.
We only need the source code.
Now go into SIRC.
Copy this comm.
From here.
Now let's go into our workspace, which is geared.
Here it is.
And Gid, we just created this demo project.
Go here and into RC and just copy it here.
Now let's head back to our editor.
And right click on demo and say refresh and that's about it.
Our code is imported.
Now, here it is.
Com semantic squared basics.
This is a package and it has all of these.
Hello.
World just does not have the package statement.
So hover over here on this icon and it says.
Okay.
Just just add this package.
So when you double click it, it is giving us the option to add the package.
So just do that.
Compilation error is gone now.
So we have everything.
So we can also run this here.
It's printing.
Hello World.
So that's about it.
That's how you would import it.
Now there is also an alternate way to import.
So for that, what you would do is so once we create the demo project and we have the CRC folder, what
you would do is just right click here.
So this is an alternate way and say import.
And click on General.
Now this one is for importing existing eclipse projects into workspace, so you shouldn't select that.
You have to go for this because it's a non eclipse project.
Say next from Browse here that's going to our seed drive.
And go into Java in-depth, right.
And select this RC and select folder.
And all you would do is just click on this one and you would hit finish.
That's how you would.
That's how you would import.
That's an alternative way to import import our code and you don't even have to refresh in this case.
In the earlier case, once we copied we we did a refresh on the demo.
We right click on data refresh.
So in this case, we don't even need that.
So that's about it.
That's how you would, how you would import.
Now let's also delete this these two let's say delete and say delete project contents on disk.
Let's also select that so that it will be deleted on the disk.
Same goes with eclipse test delete.
And you're done now.
Just to be on the safe side, let's do a project clean.
Sometimes when we delete, it can give us issues.
Say clean all projects.
So it's all deleted now.
So if we go into our JID, we see only demo.
So that's how you would import non eclipse project code into Eclipse.
Thank you and I will see you in the next lecture.